mommy didn't record it right so let's
read the book again okay yeah we're
gonna read it again
look the candy the kitties is meow-meow
and I'll buy ya and the dog what son as
a dog make woof woof woof woof woof
you wanna do it in the horse the horse
says neigh in the cow the cow says
and the rooster look right here
what's this oh it's the owl I know
you've up the owl the owl says okay what
about this what's that
what sounds alignment
ah what sounds alignment
in the monkey says haha what about the
lion the lion says roar you did it like
three times on the other one the lion do
the lion it will turn it off
what sentence aligning
you're just not gonna do it you're so
angry